Hi and welcome to another review!
Today we'll be having a look at DC Direct "Blackest Night" Hal Jordan, which is part of series 6!
This figure has been released in 2010 and it's 7" scaled, it's about 7 inches tall!
Let's take a look at the packaging!
A very nice clamshell with the Blackest Night logo on top.
On the bottom, the Green Lantern logo.
On the back, the other figures available in series 6 with the respective read-up...
...or bio, if you prefer.
And, here, the other figures available in the other series, series 1, 2 etc etc
Let's take a closer look!
The figure is really well sculpted. Specially the head!
Check out the hair! Very nicely sculpted and painted!
I really like the black line around his eyes. I think it gives the face a lot of expressivity.
But the really impressive thing is the skin texture on the face. It's not painted, I believe it's the actual plastic that has this nice pink color. And that gives the figure a much more realistic look compared with the traditional painting!
Let's take a look at the body as well.
A very muscular body, very defined! I like this aspect because it looks like the costume is a  second skin. It doesn't look like an actual costume, but more of an energy costume. Like in the movie! I really like that concept!
Very nice tha shade of green DC Direct chose for this figure. I don't know if you agree with me, but it looks very "alien" in my opinion.
Very nice the pearl white for the gloves as well!
Let's take a look at the ring!
No details here. I think they could have done better here.
A very nice looking figure. Specially the head, I think the head alone makes the entire figure! Really amazing work!
Articulation wise. Head is on a ball joint. Arms can fully rotate and move in and out.
Rotation at the upper bicep, single jointed elbows. Full rotation at the hands.
Nothing on the torso and waist. Legs can move forward, but not back because of the sculpt of Hal Jordan's butt.
Single jointed knees with a very limited range of motion. And full rotation at the boots.
As for the accessories, Hal Jordan comes with this base. Very nice, translucent, with the Green Lantern logo.
And then, the lantern, the battery to charge the ring. Check out this nice touch by DC Direct: they put translucent plastic in the core of the lantern, on both sides. Very nice!
It can be put into Hal Jordan's left hand and I suggest you to make it like this: detach the handle, insert it into the hand and then put the lantern back, on the handle.
I strongly recommend this figure! Even though articulation is limited, sculpt, painting and accessories make it a must-have for any Green Lantern and DC fan!
You can find it on ebay, it's not particularly rare. I bought mine on ebay from USA and I paid about 17 euro (about 22 USD) shipped for it!
If I must suggest a price range, I would say: from 15 to 20 euro (18-25 USD), including shipping obviously.
That being said, I'll see you on the next video! BYE!